Here is an exercise program for linear search, you are supposed to write this program using function.
You should have the list of elements in
an array,and array shoould be paased as a parameter to  a function for searching it  given
key element.
So you should now what should be the name of the function what should be the parametal list of a function
write the logic for linear search.
already  we have seen linear search logic.
So here I will run the program and show you how the input and output of the program should be.
And even PDF of a program is given as a resource.
You can check if you need it.
Here is a program for linear search.
Already I have discussed and explain what is linear search how it works.
But we have to write down the program using a function a function should take the array of elements as parameters
that is number of elements and the key to be searched.
So you have to write down the same program using function.
So more focus here is how to write a program using functions.
I have given the name of a function as search.
Let me run the program and show you, already I have given you have given the list of elements here.
It will be searching within those given elements.
Now here is asking for the element to be searched.
I have an element 9, available in my array so element 9 has found at index 5.
I wil run the program once again.
I'll give the element as 12 now, 12 is  not there in my list.
So now it is giving the index size minus 1.
So that's what, if the elrment is not found on the list.
It should give the index minus 1.
If  it is found then it should return its index.
So try this program by yourself.
And if any difficulty you can check the program in PDF.